docs: update for 23.03 (#37)
lablup/backend.ai-docs-webui: docs/admin_menu/admin_menu.rst

   Please remind that quota setting is only available in storage that provides quota setting 
   (e.g. XFS, CephFS, NetApp, Purestorage, etc.). Although you can see the usage of storage 
   in quota setting page regardless of storage, you cannot configure the quota which doesn't 
   support quota configuration internally.
   
   .. image:: no_support_quota_setting.png

Quota Setting Panel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In Quota setting page, There are two panels that represent the corresponding items for each panel's title.

.. image:: quota_setting_page.png

* Resource
   * Usage: Shows the actual amount usage of the selected storage. 
   * Endpoint: Represents the mount point of the selected storage.
   * Backend Type: the type of storage.
   * Capabilities: the supported feature of the selected storage.

* Quota Settings
   * For User: Configure per-user quota setting here.
   * For Project: Configure per-project quota(project-folder) setting here.
   * ID: Corresponds to user or project id.
   * Hard Limit (GB): Currently set hard limit quota for selected quota.
   * Control: Provides editing the hard limit or even deleting the quota setting.

Set User Quota
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> In Backend.AI, there are two type of vfolders created by user and admin(project). In this section,

Reviewer: two type -> two types

we would like to show how to check current quota setting per-user and how to configure it.   
First, Make sure the active tab of quota settings panel is ``For User``. Then, Select user you desire to 
check and edit the quota. You can see the quota id that corresponds to user's id and the configuration already set 

> in the table, if you already set the quota.   

Reviewer 2: It would be nice to mention once again that if the user does not set the default value, the `max_vfolder_size` value (default value) of the user/project resource policy will be used.

Author: I agree. I just added note admonition right below to Unset Quota section.

.. image:: per_user_quota.png

Of course, you want to edit the quota, Simply clicking ``Edit`` button in 

> Control column will do. After Clicking ``Edit`` button, you may see the small modal that enables configuring quota setting. 

Reviewer: suggestion:
Of course, if you want to edit the quota, you can simply click the ``Edit`` button in the control column.

After input the exact amount, don't forget to Click ``OK`` button, unless the changes will not be applied.

.. image:: quota_settings_panel.png

Set Project Quota
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Setting quota on project-folder are similar to setting user quota. The difference between setting project quota and user quota is 
that to confirm and setting the project quota requires one more procedure, which is selecting the domain that project is dependent.

> The rest of things are same.

Reviewer: Suggestion (grammar)

Setting a quota on project-folder is similar to setting a user quota. The difference between setting project quota and user quota is to confirm setting the project quota requires one more procedure, which is selecting the domain that the project is dependent on. The rest are the same.

As in the picture below, you need to first select the domain, and then select the project.

.. image:: per_project_quota.png

.. image:: per_project_quota_2.png

Unset Quota
~~~~~~~~~~~~

We also provides the feature to unset the quota. Please remind that after removing the quota setting, quota will automatically follows 
user or project default quota, which cannot be set in WebUI. If you want to change the default quota setting, you may need to access to admin-only page.   
By Clicking ``Unset`` button in control column, the small snackbar message will show up and confirm whether you really want to delete the current quota setting. 

> If you click ``OK`` button in the snackbar message, then It will delete the quota setting and automatically reset the quota follows to corresponding quota, 

Reviewer: ,then It -> ,then it

Setting a quota on project-folder is similar to setting a user quota. The difference between setting 
project quota and user quota is to confirm setting the project quota requires one more procedure, 
which is selecting the domain that the project is dependent on. The rest are the same.
As in the picture below, you need to first select the domain, and then select the project.

.. image:: per_project_quota.png

.. image:: per_project_quota_2.png

Unset Quota
~~~~~~~~~~~~

We also provides the feature to unset the quota. Please remind that after removing the quota setting, quota will automatically follows 
user or project default quota, which cannot be set in WebUI. If you want to change the default quota setting, you may need to access to admin-only page.   
By Clicking ``Unset`` button in control column, the small snackbar message will show up and confirm whether you really want to delete the current quota setting. 
If you click ``OK`` button in the snackbar message, then it will delete the quota setting and automatically reset the quota follows to corresponding quota, 
which depends on the quota type(user / project).

.. image:: unset_quota.png

.. note::
   

>    When user/project doesn't have default value mapped to each uuid, 
>    then ``max_vfolder_size`` value will be the default value of each user/project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If no user/project hard limit value is set for each UUID, the ``max_vfolder_size`` value in the user/project resource policy is used as the default value.
```

Author: Hmm, Wouldn't it be more natural to convert like this?
"If there's no config per user/project, then corresponding values in the user/project resource policy will be set as a default value. For example, If no hard limit value for quota is set, ``max_vfolder_size`` value in the resource policy is used as the default value."

What do you think @Sujin-Kim1? I considered the future implementation (e.g. soft limit, # of files, # of folders(directory)

Reviewer 2: Super cool!
